I will come back on the last video we created some records in the database using BHB.
It was really fun to do.
For me I don't know if it was fun for you should have been fun for you if you like BHB.
All right.
So until now we were able to connect to the database create a table doing ph my admin.
Now we have create finally started creating some data inside my su l using BHB So we created that username
X man in the password Linda in 93.
Now I want to be able to read it right.
So we want to be able to get that data out and do things with it right.
So first the first this next step is after Cross do we say that we started we cross with a C creating
and then we create.
Now we are going with our crowd.
Remember we have crowd this is the acronym for's create read of day in daily.
So the next one is they are reading.
So let's go and do a Save on this file and let's call it Logan on the score read.
All right.
Perfect.
So I want to do a couple of things here.
First of all let's make sure that we are in the right page.
I want to take this form out of there because I'm not going to use it anymore.
So let's go down here and just delete this for right here.
I think that's OK right there.
We're going to be using this and that's just delete this
right.
All right let's use delete this also.
We don't need that.
We don't even need his user name because we are going to be reading information out of the database.
So this is fine.
This is fine.
This is and what I'm doing is when I click and you can see the little dash on there the curly brackets
I'm just checking to see if this they match if they match.
Right.
So now what we've got to change is we've got to delete this because we're not making our query is going
to be very simple and our query is going to be something like select from actually all this Astras right
here means all in as well.
So select all from users this is a command.
Very popular commanding as well.
All right.
And it's going to be from users.
So now that we are making this square of course is going to give me an error on the page because actually
we're not getting an error.
But we are connected we are good.
So we're good we're good at those going to give me a narrow here.
But he has no reason why because we are making the right Querrey and we are not trying to get anything
there that we don't have any answers to yet.
So no no errors.
Good.
All right.
So now that we have this now we need to connect to my as well VFP HP.
So we do this let's create a BHB tag here.
Let's do some BHB.
And the way we do this the way we bring data out from from my is is going to come into in an array.
So we need a loop to go through that and we can use a while loop.
All right.
So and this while loop what we want to do is we want to use a function call my ex Q L I fetch Roe and
I'm not spelling it right my ass.
Q L I there we go for each row and what we want to fetch out of there.
Well if we go up here we know that we have a connection and the Querrey and this is bringing about the
result right.
This is we are making the query here and this is bringing back some information.
So let's just take this resoled and put it in between this in the parameter of this function here.
All right.
So how are we going to display this down here.
We need to assign it to something let's assign it to a variable called roll.
Now let's do the assignment operator there.
So while my Escurial fetch roll equals resoled why this is true.
We are going to assign it to this variable right here.
And then we are going to be displaying it down here.
All right.
So let's do a print.
Our functions here and see if we can get some data out of their row and let's see if that worked perfect.
So we got some information out of the database right.
We got an array the first row right here.
All right.
The idea is equal to 1.
The second is equal to Edwyn and the third one is equal to Superman then I'm pretty sure this is the
password field.
All right.
That's pretty cool isn't it.
All right this actually organizes a little better.
Let's see if we can get some.
Let's see if this works here.
There's another one this call saucier array of fresh this.
Let me just give in and explain to you a little bit my ask you Ally underscore fetch on this score a
S S or C returns and associative array back to us.
The other one with just returns a normal array with just the indices with 0 1 2 and 3.
The other one which chose an associate or way that we can actually read the columns and that is a lot
better I think as you can see here we can see that the key for the user name and the value right here
at when we can see the key password and the value of Superman.
And on and on right here the key and the value for the ID right.
Perfect.
All right.
So let's actually make this a little better.
So what I'm going to do is something that Michael fusion but I want you to rewind this video for some
reason you don't understand I'm going to turn off BHB right here.
All right you heard me correctly.
I can turn it off.
So I know by the end user in the end tag I'm telling you I'm standing back to stop executing ph be what
I want to execute.
Actually I'm male.
See that's what I want to execute there.
All right.
So now here I need to return to PH B to get this function here.
So let's open BHB again with open BHB attack and let's go over here over here and what we need to do
is actually wrap this around in a pre-TBC.
Right so let's play it again and let's put the in here and let's open it again.
I know that sounds crazy is it.
So many opening and closing we come here we got a nice pretty format right.
Look at that really nice right format with your ID with a key here ID with a value equals one the user
name value Edwin.
Look at that perfect.
All right this is how you organize data you bring it back from the database.
Beautiful right.
And we still have this.
We are connected that's fine.
We can leave it there we can take it off if you want but remember this actually these styles are coming
from Bootstrap.
This is of course the other course that I got here and you to me so make sure that if you want to find
out some more information about that just check my all the courses and you can find this out and and
learn how to use Butros really easy is a really short course.
By the way.
All right.
So now we were able to bring some data back.
Perfect.
Now on the next one so we are ready the Create read and we need to update data.
Right so the next video we were of they some data from from will be to the database.
Right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching hopefully you liked this video.
And if you don't you know don't forget to give me a review or even send me a message and let me know
how I'm doing.
I appreciate it.
Appreciate it very much.
Thank you.
And keep enjoying my lectures